PREVIOUSLY ON "I AM JAZZ"...
AAH!
Jazz: I AM DEFINITELY
ATTRACTED TO VICTORIA,
AND I WOULD LOVE TO GET
TO KNOW HER BETTER.
WOULD YOU WANT TO HANG OUT
AGAIN, JUST, LIKE, YOU AND ME?
-YEAH, FOR SURE, DEFINITELY.
-I THINK IT'LL BE FUN.
Jazz: SOMETIMES I JUST
EAT A LOT, EVEN IF I'M FULL.
I'M NOT GOING TO LIE.
I DO LOVE FOOD
AND I DO LOVE EATING,
AND PART OF ME ALMOST
DOESN'T WANT TO LET THAT GO.
BINGE EATING IS A SYMPTOM
OF AN EMOTIONAL STATE.
I FEEL LIKE I NEED TO MAKE
A CHANGE IN MY LIFE.
JAZZ HAS BEEN UNHAPPY
WITH SCHOOL FOR SEVERAL YEARS.
I COULD GO TO THIS
VIRTUAL SCHOOL
WHERE I COULD JUST FINISH
MY HIGH SCHOOL CREDITS.
I CAN'T PROVIDE HER WHAT SCHOOL
DOES 8 HOURS A DAY, EVERY DAY.
THIS IS NOT
THE WAY IT'S SUPPOSED TO GO,
AND I WASN'T
PREPARED FOR THIS.
THIS IS HARD.
IT'S REALLY, REALLY,
REALLY HARD.
Jazz: 16 YEARS AGO,
I WAS ASSIGNED MALE AT BIRTH,
BUT INSIDE,
I ALWAYS KNEW I WAS A GIRL.
I HAVE A GIRL BRAIN
AND A BOY BODY.
BEING TRANSGENDER
HASN'T BEEN EASY...
WE REALLY ARE WALKING
A TIGHTROPE.
-I'M A TOUGH CASE.
-YOU'RE A TOUGH CASE.
-COME ON, JAZZ!
-WHOO!
GO FOR IT, GIRL!
...BUT IT'S MADE ME WHO I AM.
I AM JAZZ.
-- Captions by VITAC --
www.vitac.com
CAPTIONS PAID FOR BY
DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS
**
Jeanette: HOW MANY CUPS
OF COFFEE DO YOU DRINK
IN THE MORNING?
ON THE WEEKEND,
I PROBABLY HAVE THREE.
MAYBE IF YOU DIDN'T TAKE IT,
YOU WOULDN'T BE AS GROUCHY.
Jeanette: TRY GOING
ONE DAY WITHOUT DRINKING,
AND SEE WHAT YOU'RE LIKE.
-HI.
-GOOD.
YOU LOOK LIKE YOU'RE OFF
AND RUNNING.
-COME IN!
-HEY.
-HEY!
HOW ARE YOU?
Jeanette: LOOK AT HOW CUTE
THIS PERSON LOOKS.
JAZZ IS VERY MATURE FOR HER AGE,
AND MICHAELA IS AN ADULT,
AND SHE GETS THINGS THAT JAZZ'S
PEERS MAY NOT UNDERSTAND.
I'M HAPPY THAT SHE'S GOT
AN OLDER FRIEND
THAT SHE CAN LOOK UP TO.
WHERE YOU GOING SHOPPING?
WE'RE JUST GOING TO A LITTLE
BOUTIQUE UP BY WHERE I LIVE.
I ACTUALLY LEAVE
ON A TRIP ON THE 1st,
START OF MY, UH, CAMPAIGN
FOR THE "BE YOU" TOUR,
SO I'M ACTUALLY LOOKING
FOR A FEW THINGS
I HAVE TO PICK UP.
YEAH, LET'S HIT IT.
JAZZ,
NO DRIVE-THRU FAST FOOD.
-HEALTHY, HEALTHY, HEALTHY.
-I'M TRYING TO HELP YOU.
-YEAH, LET'S GET GOING.
Greg: HAVE FUN!
WHEN MY PARENTS REMIND ME
TO AVOID THE FAST FOOD,
I FEEL A LITTLE BIT EMBARRASSED.
THEY'RE ALWAYS ON MY CASE,
AND WHILE I KNOW THAT
THEY LOVE ME,
AND THEY'RE JUST TRYING
TO HELP ME,
I WISH THEY, YOU KNOW,
WOULDN'T DOUBT ME SO MUCH.
**
* AND I HEAR YOU WHISTLING *
* ON THE OTHER SIDE
OF THE WIND *
-THAT'S A SONG I WROTE.
-I LOVE THAT.
-YEAH, LIKE, A LOT.
HAVE YOU EVER, LIKE,
THOUGHT ABOUT SONGWRITING?
NO. I MEAN, I FEEL LIKE
I'M NOT KNOWLEDGEABLE
ENOUGH ABOUT MUSIC.
GIRL, THAT'S WHAT COWRITING
IS FOR.
I WAS SHOCKED HEARING JAZZ SING.
SHE'S AMAZING.
SHE'S GOT SO MUCH
UNTAPPED POTENTIAL,
AND I'M, LIKE,
READY TO STEAL HER AND HELP HER.
YOU'RE AMAZING.
SO WHAT HAVE YOU GOT
COMING UP?
UM...YOU KNOW HOW
I TOLD YOU ABOUT
GOING TO HYPNOTHERAPY...
-YEAH.
...AND HOW I'VE DONE THAT
TO HELP WITH MY FOOD THING?
AND I'M GOING TO
VISIT HER AGAIN SOON,
AND I'M JUST, LIKE,
WORRIED BECAUSE
I DON'T WANT TO
LET HER DOWN
AND MAKE HER THINK, LIKE,
IT'S NOT WORKING.
Jazz: MY LAST APPOINTMENT
WITH THE HYPNOTHERAPIST
DEFINITELY HELPED ME
FEEL MORE IN CONTROL OF MYSELF,
BUT OVERALL, I'M GOING THROUGH
THIS YO-YO PHASE
WHERE I'LL LOSE A TON OF WEIGHT
AND THEN I'LL GAIN BACK
THE WEIGHT.
I NEED TO BE CONSISTENT
AND CONTINUE VISITING KELI
IN ORDER FOR THE HYPNOTHERAPY
TO WORK.
YOU'VE GOT SO MUCH
GOING ON RIGHT NOW,
THE SURGERY
AND THE WEIGHT LOSS,
AND NOW POTENTIALLY DATING.
-I KNOW.
HAVE YOU TALKED
TO VICTORIA AT ALL?
LIKE, WHEN WE WERE TALKING
ON THE BEACH, JUST HER AND I,
LIKE, I KIND OF TOLD HER.
I'M LIKE, "I'D LOVE
TO HANG OUT, YOU KNOW,
JUST YOU AND ME ONE TIME,"
AND SHE SAID SHE'D BE
DOWN FOR IT, SO...
RIGHT NOW, I DEFINITELY
LIKE VICTORIA
AND I COULD SEE POTENTIAL
IN THAT RELATIONSHIP.
HOWEVER, I DON'T KNOW IF
SHE'S INTERESTED
OR LIKES ME OR DOESN'T LIKE ME.
SO I'VE NEVER REALLY
KISSED SOMEONE, LIKE,
SOMEONE THAT
I'VE LIKED-LIKED.
I'VE NEVER KISS-KISSED WITH,
LIKE, FRENCH KISS, YOU KNOW,
WITH, LIKE,
YOUR TONGUE IN THERE.
I'M VERY EXCITED ABOUT WHERE
THE WHOLE JAZZ-AND-VICTORIA
THING IS GOING,
BECAUSE JAZZ HAS DONE A LOT OF
THINGS BEYOND HER YEARS,
BUT THE ONE THING
SHE HASN'T EXPERIENCED
IS ALL OF THE LESSONS
THAT COME WITH RELATIONSHIPS
AND BEING ABLE TO GROW
AS A PERSON IN THAT WAY.
DO YOU FEEL LIKE VICTORIA
WOULD BE THE TYPE OF GIRL
WHO WOULD
MAKE THE FIRST MOVE?
-I FEEL LIKE SHE WOULD.
-YEAH.
AND I FEEL LIKE I'M GONNA --
I'M GONNA HOLD BACK
AND LET HER DO IT.
**
-THIS IS THE PLACE.
-Michaela: THIS IS IT.
OOH, PRETTY, PRETTY.
OH, MY GOD.
IT'S GORGEOUS.
I MEAN, EVERYTHING HERE
IS GORGEOUS.
-OH, MY GOD.
I COULD TOTALLY SEE YOU
GOING TO A GIG IN THAT.
WHEN I GO SHOPPING,
I TRY ON 800 MILLION THINGS.
MM-HMM.
YOU KNOW WHAT I CAN'T
STOP THINKING ABOUT?
IS THAT CAR WASH
WITH THE GUY.
WE ARE JUST LIVING OUR LIVES
AS WHO WE ARE.
WE LOVE OURSELVES.
WE EMBRACE WHO WE ARE.
AND WE WISH THAT YOU COULD
EMBRACE US, TOO.
YOU DON'T LOVE WHO YOU ARE.
YOU WERE BORN A CERTAIN WAY,
AND YOU DON'T LOVE HOW
YOU WERE BORN, APPARENTLY.
DON'T TELL ME IF I DON'T
LOVE MYSELF
'CAUSE I KNOW WHO I LOVE,
NOT YOU.
-YOU DON'T BECAUSE YOU CHANGED.
-I THINK YOU SHOULD GO.
JUST THIS WORLD,
IT SCARES ME SOMETIMES.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
WELL, THAT'S WHY I STARTED
THIS "BE YOU" CAMPAIGN.
THE "BE YOU" CAMPAIGN IS
AN ANTIBULLYING SELF-LOVE TOUR
WHERE I'M ABLE TO GO INTO
SCHOOLS, MEET KIDS,
SHARE MY STORY,
AND HELP THEM TO LEARN
THAT THE MOST IMPORTANT THING
IS BEING YOURSELF.
WAIT, SO YOU SPEAK
TO, LIKE, KIDS, RIGHT?
I GO INTO SCHOOLS,
AND I TELL MY STORY
AND I PERFORM.
-I SING. YEAH, AND, YOU KNOW,
THE FIRST THING THAT
I THOUGHT OF HEARING YOU SING
AND MAKE UP YOUR SONGS
IN THE CAR, LIKE, I WAS LIKE,
"WELL, THE 'BE YOU' TOUR
SHOULD HAVE A THEME SONG."
I THINK BECAUSE YOU HAVE
THE PLATFORM,
AND I HAVE THE SAME PLATFORM,
I FEEL LIKE IT'D BE A PERFECT
FIT TO WRITE SOME COOL, LIKE,
SONG FOR THE "BE YOU" TOUR.
Michaela:
I THINK JAZZ HAS SO MUCH
INCREDIBLE TALENT ALL AROUND.
AND WITH HER PLATFORM OF
ADVOCACY, WHAT A BETTER FIT?
OBVIOUSLY, LIKE,
NOT THE BIGGEST SINGER
OR PERFORMER LIKE YOU ARE.
Jazz: I'VE SPOKEN
IN FRONT OF AUDIENCES.
HOWEVER SINGING IS
MUCH DIFFERENT
BECAUSE YOU'RE SINGING,
NOT TALKING.
THEY'RE SO RECEPTIVE...
-THAT'S AWESOME.
-...AND EXCITED.
BUT BEING WHO YOU ARE
IS A MESSAGE
THAT I HAVE BEEN SHARING
MY ENTIRE LIFE.
AND I FEEL LIKE MANY KIDS
WHO ARE GETTING BULLIED,
FACING INTOLERANCE
AND DON'T FEEL LIKE THEY FIT IN,
NEED TO HEAR THAT IT'S OKAY
TO EXPRESS WHO YOU ARE
AUTHENTICALLY WITHOUT LETTING
ANYONE ELSE TELL YOU OTHERWISE.
YEAH, I HONESTLY,
I'D BE DOWN TO DO IT.
WE'RE GONNA DO THIS.
IT SOUNDS PRETTY FUN.
OKAY, WE'RE GONNA DO THIS.
OKAY.
**
TODAY, I HAVE A HYPNOTHERAPY
SESSION WITH KELI,
AND THE LAST TIME I SAW HER
WENT REALLY WELL.
-HELLO, HELLO!
I'M BACK.
GOOD. HOW ARE YOU?
I'M GOOD.
IT'S REALLY IMPORTANT
THAT I STOP THIS YO-YO CYCLE
BECAUSE IN ORDER TO GET
THE SURGERY,
I NEED TO NOT ONLY LOSE
THE 30 POUNDS,
BUT I NEED TO MAINTAIN
MY WEIGHT AFTER THAT.
SO NOW I'M, LIKE,
I'M 10 POUNDS DOWN
FROM WHAT I NEED
TO GET MY SURGERY,
SO I'M ONE-THIRD
OF THE WAY THERE.
HOW DO YOU FEEL ABOUT THAT?
-THAT'S GOOD.
I JUST NEED TO LOSE ANOTHER
20 MORE POUNDS...
-THAT'S GOOD.
-...WHICH IS A LOT, BUT...
ALL RIGHT. SO TODAY,
WE'RE GONNA SWITCH UP A BIT.
SO WE'RE DOING SOME
PAST-LIFE REGRESSION.
I'M JUST
A LITTLE BIT CONFUSED.
SO WE'RE GOING TO
GO INTO MY PAST LIFES...
MULTIPLE LIVES
OR JUST ONE LIFE?
YOU'VE PROBABLY HAD MANY,
MANY, MANY PAST LIVES.
THIS IS PROBABLY ONE OF
THE DEEPER LEVELS OF HYPNOSIS
THAT A PERSON CAN EXPERIENCE.
I'M OPEN TO
PAST-LIFE REGRESSION
BECAUSE I BELIEVE THAT
I'VE HAD PAST LIVES,
AND MAYBE IT COULD UNLOCK
THE DOORS OF MY MIND OR MY PAST.
SO WE'RE GOING TO GO
REVISIT A PAST LIFE
THAT'S GOING TO EVALUATE
AND OFFER HEALING
AS TO YOUR BINGE EATING
IN THIS LIFETIME.
NOW, WITH THAT INTENTION,
THAT WILL DICTATE
WHICH LIFETIME WE GO INTO,
AND YOU'RE JUST GOING
TO OBSERVE.
WHAT'S YOUR ROLE,
AS I ALWAYS SAY?
RELAX, OBSERVE, AND REPORT.
AND THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE
GOING TO DO IN THIS PROCESS.
OKAY.
Jazz: I'M HOPING THAT,
IN TODAY'S SESSION,
WE FIND OUT WHY I BINGE EAT.
AND HOPEFULLY BY
FIGURING OUT THAT PROBLEM,
I COULD LOSE THE WEIGHT
AND KEEP IT OFF.
TAKE A DEEP,
CLEANSING BREATH IN,
AND AS YOU VERY SLOWLY
EXHALE, RELAX.
I'M HOPEFUL THAT WE CAN
CONNECT SOME DOTS
AS FAR AS WHAT HER PAST LIFE
EXPERIENCES HAVE BEEN
AND HOW IT IMPACTS
THIS LIFETIME.
SO LOOK UP INTO THE SKY
AND SEE IF YOU CAN FIND
A BIG WHITE FLUFFY CLOUD.
SO I'M ASKING
THAT CLOUD TO MOVE
AND CARRY YOU BACK
INTO TIME AND SPACE.
I WANT YOU TO TELL ME
THE VERY FIRST THING
THAT YOU SEE
OR THAT YOU NOTICE.
I'M IN, LIKE, A TOWN CENTER.
MM-HMM.
PEOPLE ARE SELLING FOOD.
IT'S LIKE A MARKET.
OKAY. WHAT ARE YOU FEELING
OR SENSING BEING HERE?
I DON'T KNOW. HUNGRY.
YOU'RE HUNGRY.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
-CAL.
OKAY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
IN THIS MARKETPLACE?
DO YOU SENSE
THAT YOU LIVE NEARBY?
I DON'T HAVE A HOME.
YOU DON'T. OKAY.
I DON'T THINK
MY FAMILY WANTS ME.
WHY
I'M GAY.
YOU'RE GAY. OKAY.
-THEY CAUGHT ME...
-MM-HMM.
...WITH...
A GUY.
AND WHAT HAPPENED?
-KICKED ME OUT.
HOW DID THAT MAKE YOU FEEL?
REJECTED.
MY DREAM
WAS TO HOLD HIS HAND
IN THIS MARKET.
NOW I'M JUST ALONE
IN THE MARKET,
AND I'M HUNGRY.
I HAVEN'T EATEN.
OKAY. JUST ALLOW THAT
TO COME OFF.
I'M RIGHT HERE WITH YOU.
SO WE'RE GONNA LEAVE
THIS SCENE,
AND WE'RE GOING TO DRIFT
AND FLOAT FORWARD
TO THE LAST DAY OF
CAL'S LIFE.
YOU'RE DRIFTING AND FLOATING,
FLOATING AND DRIFTING.
AND YOU'RE THERE NOW,
AND WHAT'S HAPPENING?
I'M SITTING
ON A ROCKING CHAIR.
MM-HMM.
I WAS NEVER ABLE TO LIVE
THE LIFE THAT I WANTED.
MM-HMM.
I DON'T WANNA...
I DON'T WANNA DO THIS.
YOU DON'T WANT TO DO WHAT?
DON'T WANNA LIVE ANYMORE.
-MNH-MNH.
SO WHAT WAS HE HUNGRY FOR
THAT DAY IN THE MARKET?
HE WAS HUNGRY TO BE ACCEPTED.
MM-HMM.
HE WAS.
WHAT ADVICE DO YOU HAVE
FOR JAZZ THAT CAN HELP HER?
WHAT'S SHE HUNGRY FOR?
SHE'S STILL HUNGRY
TO BE ACCEPTED.
WHAT ADVICE CAN YOU GIVE HER?
YOU HAVE PERSPECTIVE OF ALL.
**
WHAT ADVICE DO YOU
HAVE FOR JAZZ?
WHAT'S SHE HUNGRY FOR?
SHE'S STILL HUNGRY
TO BE ACCEPTED.
WHAT ADVICE CAN YOU GIVE HER?
YOU HAVE PERSPECTIVE OF ALL.
WHAT CAN YOU TELL HER?
SHE'S JUST GOT
A LITTLE MIXED UP.
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS
WITH EMOTIONS.
-Keli: MM.
-WE GET MIXED UP.
THAT'S OKAY. THAT'S OKAY.
AND NOW YOUR SPIRIT,
YOU HAVE FULL PERSPECTIVE
OF EVERYTHING
ABOUT THAT LIFETIME,
AND WHEN YOU'RE READY,
AND ONLY WHEN YOU'RE READY,
JAZZ, ONE, TWO,
THREE, FOUR, FIVE.
BACK TO YOUR REGULAR WAKING
CONSCIOUSNESS, FEELING GOOD,
FEELING WELL-RESTED,
FEELING WONDERFUL ALL OVER.
Jazz: COMING OUT OF
THE HYPNOSIS, IT FEELS LIKE
I TRAVELED THROUGH
ANOTHER LIFETIME.
I WAS DEFINITELY ABLE
TO CONNECT A FEW DOTS
FROM MY PAST LIFE
TO MY CURRENT LIFE
BECAUSE THERE WERE A LOT
OF UNDERLYING THEMES
THAT ARE RELEVANT TO WHAT
I'M GOING THROUGH NOW.
-WELCOME BACK.
YOU DID THAT PHENOMENALLY.
HOW DO YOU FEEL
COMING OUT OF THAT,
AS FAR AS YOUR PERSPECTIVE
NOW ABOUT YOURSELF,
AND AN ANALOGY
OF BEING HUNGRY FOR FOOD
BUT ALSO HUNGRY FOR SOMETHING
ELSE IN THAT MARKETPLACE?
IT WAS JUST ACCEPTANCE,
AND I KNOW HERE IN THIS WORLD,
NOT EVERYONE ACCEPTS
ALL YOUR CHOICES,
WHETHER THAT BE YOUR FAMILY,
SOMEONE YOU'VE NEVER MET BEFORE.
YEAH, AND SOMETIMES I FEEL
SELFISH FOR MAKING DECISIONS,
YOU KNOW, THAT MAKE ME HAPPY,
BUT IT'S NOT SELFISH.
IT'S NOT SELFISH.
Keli: JAZZ PUTS A LOT
OF PRESSURE ON HERSELF,
AND I THINK THAT
HER BEING ABLE TO EXPERIENCE
THAT PAST LIFE ALLOWED HER TO
CONNECT THE BINGE EATING
AND HER NEEDING
AND WANTING ACCEPTANCE.
CAL SACRIFICED HIS WHOLE LIFE,
RIGHT, FOR ACCEPTANCE.
YEAH,
AND HE COULDN'T BE HIMSELF.
IT'S LIKE, NOW I'M MAKING UP
FOR, YOU KNOW,
THAT PAST LIFE WHERE I WASN'T
ABLE TO BE MYSELF,
AND THAT KIND OF MAKES SENSE.
I SHARE A LOT OF
SIMILARITIES WITH CAL
BECAUSE HE WAS LOOKING
FOR THAT ACCEPTANCE
BUT FACED INTOLERANCE,
AND I HAVE FACED A LOT
OF THOSE STRUGGLES AS WELL,
AND I TRY TO STAY STRONG.
LIKE, I ALWAYS SEEM LIKE
THIS MIGHTY PERSON
WHO HAS NO PROBLEMS
AND WHO'S NOT VULNERABLE AT ALL,
BUT I BINGE EAT TO
MAKE MYSELF FEEL HAPPIER,
AND I FEEL LIKE I FINALLY
UNDERSTAND WHY THAT IS.
-THANK YOU SO MUCH.
-YOU'RE WELCOME.
I FINALLY FEEL EMPOWERED TO GAIN
BACK CONTROL OVER MY LIFE.
-ALL RIGHT.
-IT WAS WONDERFUL.
YAY.
**
Greg: I HEAR
YOU'VE BEEN HYPNOTIZED.
-YEAH, I'M TIRED NOW.
-TELL ME ABOUT HYPNOTHERAPY.
-TELL ME ABOUT WHAT IT IS.
-DAD KNOWS NOTHING ABOUT IT.
-LIKE...
-OH, MY GOD.
WELL, TODAY WAS REALLY,
REALLY INTERESTING.
WE DID
A PAST-LIFE REGRESSION.
PAST
YOU LOOK SKEPTICAL TO ME.
Greg: JAZZ IS OPEN-MINDED,
BUT I DON'T KNOW HOW USEFUL
IT'S GONNA BE
TO GET HER B.M.I. DOWN.
SO I WENT INTO MY PAST LIFE,
AND SHE SAID, "GO BACK IN TIME.
TAKE ME TO A LIFE THAT WILL
HELP ME WITH BINGE EATING."
Jeanette:
I'M NOT QUITE SURE EXACTLY WHAT
PAST-LIFE REGRESSION IS.
IS SHE REALLY GOING
INTO HER PAST LIFE,
OR IS SHE JUST EXPLORING
THE ID
OR WHATEVER IS IN THERE
DEEP WITHIN
WHATEVER THE CASE MAY BE, AS
LONG AS SHE'S NOT BINGE EATING,
I'M HAPPY.
SO I GO INTO THIS LIFE,
AND I WAS A GUY,
AND APPARENTLY I GOT KICKED OUT
OF MY HOME FROM MY PARENTS
BECAUSE THEY CAUGHT ME SLEEPING
WITH A MAN, 'CAUSE I WAS GAY,
AND THEY DIDN'T KNOW, SO THEY
KICKED ME OUT OF THE HOUSE.
SO I CHOSE THIS PATH TO LIVE
MY LIFE LIKE EVERYONE ELSE DID,
AND IT ENDED UP
MAKING ME UNHAPPY.
AND I THINK THAT MY LAST LIFE,
I WAS SO SELFLESS
BECAUSE I WASN'T ABLE TO PURSUE
WHAT I REALLY WANTED TO DO,
WHICH WAS BE MYSELF.
HOW DOES THIS TRANSLATE
TO, LIKE,
WHAT YOU DO
IN THE REAL WORLD?
NOW THAT
I'M STARTING TO MAKE
WHAT SEEMS LIKE
SELFISH DECISIONS,
I'M REALLY JUST TRYING
TO DO THINGS FOR MYSELF
JUST SO I CAN BE HAPPY.
WELL, LIKE, LATELY, WE'VE BEEN
TALKING ABOUT VIRTUAL SCHOOL.
MM-HMM.
LIKE, I THINK IT WOULD
ALLEVIATE
A LOT OF THE STRESS
AND PRESSURE.
HOWEVER, IS THAT GONNA
HURT YOU GUYS?
I NEED TO DO THIS BECAUSE I WANT
TO BE A BETTER AND HAPPIER SELF.
VIRTUAL SCHOOL WILL
HELP ME WITH THE CHALLENGES
I'M FACING BETWEEN MY
PERSONAL LIFE AND ADVOCACY WORK.
BASED ON TODAY'S SESSION, I FEEL
LIKE IT'S THE RIGHT THING TO DO.
IT'S DEFINITELY NOT
THE TRADITIONAL PATH,
BUT MY LIFE HASN'T BEEN
TRADITIONAL EVER.
Jeanette: ALL RIGHT,
WELL, DAD AND I WILL DISCUSS IT.
AND WE LOVE YOU VERY MUCH.
GIVE ME A HUG.
Greg: ALTHOUGH
WE'RE PRETTY TRADITIONAL
WHEN IT COMES TO EDUCATION,
WE ALWAYS MAKE DECISIONS THAT
ARE IN OUR KIDS' BEST INTERESTS,
AND JAZZ IS
A LITTLE DIFFERENT.
SHE HAS A LOT ON HER PLATE,
SO WE GOTTA THINK
OUTSIDE OF THE BOX.
Greg: DON'T WORRY.
YOU KNOW, I-I...
I SEE THAT SHE'S --
WELL, LET'S TALK IT THROUGH
A LITTLE BIT.
SHE'S HURTING.
**
IT'S SO NICE TO BE HERE
WITH YOU, ALONE ON A DATE.
YOU
WHEN THE KIDS WERE LITTLE,
WE GOT BABYSITTERS
EVERY SATURDAY NIGHT
AND WENT OUT,
EVERY SATURDAY NIGHT.
AND NOW WE DO NOTHING.
HOW LONG HAS IT BEEN SINCE
WE HAD A DATE NIGHT, GREG?
WHEN'S THE LAST TIME
WE HAD NO KIDS
-Man: VEAL PARMESAN.
-Jeanette: THANK YOU.
-Man: MY PLEASURE.
-Greg: THAT LOOKS GOOD.
-OH, WHOA!
-Man: IT'S ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC.
YUMMY.
SO, UM,
THE PAST-LIFE REGRESSION
KIND OF THREW ME FOR A LOOP.
THAT WAS VERY...INTERESTING,
TO SAY THE LEAST.
SHE'S LOOKING FOR SOMETHING
IN LIFE TO MAKE HER HAPPY.
-YEAH.
-AND FOOD IS NOT THE ANSWER,
BUT WE STILL HAVE TO DECIDE
WHAT WE'RE DOING WITH SCHOOL.
I WANTED MY LAST BABY TO
GRADUATE FROM A HIGH SCHOOL,
NOT SOME THING IN THE AIR,
SOME VIRTUAL THING.
LOOK, I THINK IT'S STILL
A BIG DECISION.
I THINK
IT'S REALLY COMPLICATED.
THE CHOICE WHETHER TO ALLOW JAZZ
TO DO VIRTUAL SCHOOL OR NOT
IS A HARD CHOICE FOR US
BECAUSE IT'S NOT
THE TRADITIONAL ROUTE,
SO I WANT TO MAKE SURE
THAT SHE STAYS ON TRACK
AND THAT SHE DOESN'T
MESS UP HER FUTURE.
THE FACT THAT SHE COULD
DO THIS ONLINE
AND GET COLLEGE CREDITS,
ALL THAT IS GREAT.
I DO FEEL THAT SHE NEEDS
TO BE SOMEWHERE.
SCHOOL IS NOT
THE RIGHT PLACE FOR HER.
LAST TIME WE WERE SPEAKING,
WE GOT SO EMOTIONAL
ABOUT EVERYTHING.
I WASN'T PREPARED FOR THIS,
AND THIS IS MY LIFE, TOO,
BUT I STILL HAVE TO MAKE SURE
THAT SHE'S OKAY EVERY DAY,
AND IT'S GONNA BE DRAINING.
I DON'T KNOW
IF I CAN HANDLE IT.
HAS SOMETHING -- HAS ANYTHING
CHANGED YOUR MIND?
LIKE, DO YOU FEEL
A LITTLE LESS EMOTION?
THAT EMOTIONAL THING IS STILL
THERE. I'M PUSHING IT AWAY.
I CAME TO TERMS WITH THE FACT
THAT THIS IS NOT ABOUT ME
AND MY LIFE.
IT'S ABOUT HER.
IF JAZZ FEELS SO STRONGLY
ABOUT NOT GOING BACK TO SCHOOL,
I CAN'T PHYSICALLY THROW HER
IN A CAR AND DROP HER OFF
IN A PLACE SHE ABSOLUTELY HATES
TO BE WHEN SHE HAS A PLAN B.
I FEEL LIKE, IF WE DON'T LET HER
DO THIS AND FIGHT IT,
SHE'S JUST GONNA
BE MISERABLE.
I JUST DON'T THINK WE'VE EVER
HAD JUST A STRAIGHT LINE
AS IT DEALS
WITH JAZZ'S LIFE.
THERE'S ALWAYS BEEN CURVEBALLS,
AND WE'VE ALWAYS HAD TO ADAPT.
AND SHE WANTS TO DO
MORE ADVOCACY NOW.
SHE'S LIKE, "NOW I CAN
DO MORE ADVOCACY
AND NOT FEEL STRESSED
OUT ABOUT IT."
BUT WE NEED TO JUST COME
TO AN UNDERSTANDING THAT --
THAT SHE'S GONNA
HAVE TO HAVE SOMEWHAT
OF A STRUCTURED
DAILY ROUTINE.
IT'S REALLY IMPORTANT IF JAZZ
GOES TO VIRTUAL SCHOOL
THAT WE MAINTAIN
SOME SEMBLANCE OF STRUCTURE.
THESE STUDIES NEED
TO ULTIMATELY ENABLE HER
TO MOVE ON TO COLLEGE,
SO WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO
LAY DOWN SOME GROUND RULES,
AND JAZZ IS GONNA HAVE TO AGREE
TO THOSE GROUND RULES.
SHE'S NOT GONNA BE
HAPPY ABOUT THAT,
BUT SHE CAN'T HAVE IT ALL.
YEAH.
THERE'S THE PRINCIPAL
OF JAZZ'S SCHOOL.
-HELLO.
YEAH. MM
**
-WHOA. HELLO!
-Michaela: HEY!
LOOK HOW COOL THIS PLACE IS.
-IT'S PURPLE.
I LOVE THE PURPLE.
I'M REALLY EXCITED
TO WRITE AND PERFORM A SONG
WITH MICHAELA FOR THIS CAMPAIGN.
IT CARRIES A MESSAGE THAT
I'M REALLY PASSIONATE ABOUT.
YOU KNOW, IT'S ABOUT
BEING YOURSELF
AND NOT LETTING THE WORLD
TELL YOU WHO YOU ARE,
AND IT MAKES ME HAPPY KNOWING
THAT I'M REACHING OUT THE KIDS
WHO NEED TO HEAR
THAT POSITIVE MESSAGE.
I CAN'T BELIEVE WE'RE
ACTUALLY DOING THIS.
IT'S GOING TO BE FUN
EVEN THOUGH, LIKE,
OBVIOUSLY I'M NOT
A PROFESSIONAL LIKE YOU.
THE ONE THING I LEARNED WRITING
IS THAT YOU GO IN
WITHOUT EXPECTATIONS
AND SEE WHAT HAPPENS.
WHERE DO YOU WANT TO START?
DO YOU WANT TO START
WITH THE CHORUS?
SO, YEAH, I ALREADY WROTE,
LIKE, A WHOLE SONG.
OH, MY GOSH.
IT'S NOT THAT GREAT, BUT, LIKE,
IT'S SOMETHING
WE COULD WORK WITH AND EDIT,
KIND OF JUST...
THAT MAKES
EVERYBODY'S JOBS EASIER.
I HAVE IT ON MY PHONE.
OH, MY GOSH.
SEE? YAY!
SO THE SONG IS BASICALLY
ABOUT, LIKE,
HOW THERE SHOULD BE A LOT
OF FREEDOM IN THIS WORLD.
HOWEVER, A LOT OF US
AREN'T ABLE TO BE WHO WE ARE.
HOWEVER, BREAK THOSE
STEREOTYPES, BREAK THOSE BOUNDS,
AND LET YOUR FREEDOM SING,
AND JUST...
* BE YOU, BE FREE *
LIKE THAT.
THAT'S AMAZING.
THAT'S FANTASTIC.
WASN'T IT LIKE...
* BE YOU *
* BE FREE *
THAT MIGHT BE
TOO HIGH FOR ME.
* BE YOU *
THAT'S THE NOTE I WAS
DOING IT...
-OKAY.
-...TO FEEL COMFORTABLE FOR ME.
* BE YOU *
PLAY A G CHORD.
THAT'S -- THERE IT IS,
RIGHT THERE.
Michaela and Jazz:
* BE YOU *
THAT'S YOUR FIRST CHORD.
* BE YOU, BE FREE *
AND THEN...
* BE EXACTLY WHO YOU WANT
TO BE *
AND THEN...
* I'M ALL RIGHT WITH
BEING ME *
* YEAH, YEAH *
YOUR VOICE SOUNDS
FANTASTIC.
-GIRL!
OH, I JUST GOT A TEXT.
OH, MY GOD. IT'S VICTORIA!
AAH!
YOU'RE FINALLY TALKING
TO HER?
YEAH. SHE SAID, "HEY,
ARE YOU FREE THIS WEEKEND?"
SHE HAS SOMETHING IN MIND.
AAH!
I'M REALLY GLAD THAT JAZZ
GOT THE TEXT FROM VICTORIA
IN FRONT OF ME, SEEING AS,
YOU KNOW,
SLIPPED VICTORIA
INTO THE WHOLE SITUATION.
OH, SHE SAID,
"I'LL PICK YOU UP."
SHE'S JUST, LIKE,
VERY STRAIGHTFORWARD.
SHE'S LIKE, "HEY, WE'RE DOING
THIS. I'M GONNA PICK YOU UP."
SO THAT FEELS DATE-Y TO ME.
IT FEELS SUPER DATE-Y TO ME.
THAT'S AWESOME!
NOW THAT I KNOW THAT
I'M GONNA BE HANGING OUT
WITH VICTORIA AGAIN,
IT'S DEFINITELY SUPER EXCITING.
AND I'M HOPING THAT SOMETHING
REALLY, REALLY GOOD COMES OUT
OF THIS.
AND IT LOOKS LIKE YOU HAVE SONGS
AND A DATE TO PLAN FOR.
OH, MY GOD.
SO MUCH GOING ON.
-Jazz: HEY.
-HI!
I'M FEELING EXCITED,
BUT ALSO A LITTLE BIT NERVOUS.
LIKE, I DON'T USUALLY, LIKE,
HAVE CONVERSATIONS IN MY CAR.
IS IT HOMEWORK IF YOU GO
TO VIRTUAL SCHOOL?
HAVE YOU GUYS EVEN THOUGHT
ABOUT THAT YET?
WE'VE BEEN TALKING ABOUT IT.
WE THINK THAT...
**
JAZZ, WHAT DO YOU THINK?
OH, MY GOD.
YOU LOOK LIKE ONE OF THOSE
GOLD DIGGERS WHO'S, LIKE,
THE WIFE OF ONE OF THOSE,
LIKE, RICH RAPPERS.
I'M EXCITED FOR THIS DATE
WITH VICTORIA...
OH, THIS IS KIND OF COOL.
I DO LIKE THAT, ESPECIALLY
WITH THE NECKLACE.
...SO I AM BROWSING FOR
POTENTIAL OUTFITS,
AND NOELLE AND JOJO
ARE HERE TO HELP.
HOW'S THAT GOING, BY THE WAY?
IT'S GOING WELL.
WE'RE GONNA HANG OUT
ONE-ON-ONE.
DID YOU REALLY MEAN
"HANG OUT,"
OR DID YOU MEAN, LIKE,
"GO ON A DATE"?
I THINK WE MUTUALLY AGREE
IT'S, LIKE, KIND OF, LIKE,
A DATE BASICALLY.
APPARENTLY, MICHAELA SAYS
SHE'S INTO ME, SO I DON'T KNOW.
-AND YOU'RE INTO HER.
-I THINK SO.
I MEAN, I DON'T KNOW HER
ENOUGH YET.
I'M SUCH A PERSONALITY PERSON.
I MEAN, I DEFINITELY
FIND HER ATTRACTIVE FOR SURE.
-SHE CUTE.
-THAT'S JUST, LIKE...
THAT SOUNDS KIND OF
FOREIGN TO ME
'CAUSE YOU'VE TOLD ME THAT YOU
ARE INTERESTED IN GIRLS,
BUT I'VE NEVER ACTUALLY SEEN
YOU BE INTERESTED IN A GIRL.
IS THIS THE FIRST GIRL YOU'VE
BEEN, LIKE, ATTRACTED TO?
NO.
WELL, THEN LET ME
REPHRASE THE QUESTION.
IS THIS THE MOST ATTRACTED
YOU'VE BEEN TO A GIRL?
LIKE, THE BIGGEST CRUSH
YOU'VE HAD?
UM...
I MEAN, PROBABLY.
-YOU GUYS HAVE CHEMISTRY.
-WE'RE FLIRTING WITH EACH OTHER.
YEAH, WE REALLY LIKE EACH OTHER.
WE HAVE SIMILARITIES.
I DON'T KNOW. GIRL, YOU ASKING
TOO MANY QUESTIONS.
Noelle: JAZZ HAS ALWAYS TOLD ME
THAT SHE JUST WANTS
TO LET ROMANCE COME TO HER,
BUT IT ALWAYS APPEARED TO ME
THAT SHE REJECTS ALL SIGNS
OF ROMANCE
AND POTENTIAL AFFECTION.
AND, FOR THE FIRST TIME,
WHICH IS A BIT SHOCKING,
IT SEEMS LIKE SHE HAS
ACTUALLY MET SOMEONE.
ROMANCE HAS COME TO HER,
AND SHE'S NOT REJECTING IT,
AND WHENEVER SHE TALKS
ABOUT VICTORIA,
SHE USUALLY BRIGHTENS UP
A LITTLE,
AND I THINK THAT'S
REALLY SWEET TO SEE.
THERE'S SO MANY TANK TOPS.
-I KNOW.
I CAN'T WEAR TANK TOPS.
IT'S 'CAUSE RIGHT HERE,
IT'S, LIKE...FATNESS.
I DON'T KNOW.
LATELY, ESPECIALLY,
MY BODY IMAGE ISSUES
HAVE BEEN KIND OF WORSE.
AND IN THE BACK OF MY MIND,
IT KEEPS LOOMING, LIKE,
OVER ME THAT MAYBE
VICTORIA WON'T LIKE ME
BECAUSE I'M OVERWEIGHT.
WHILE I DON'T HAVE
ANY EXPECTATIONS,
I REALLY AM INTERESTED
IN VICTORIA,
AND EVERYONE CARES A LITTLE BIT
ABOUT FINDING SOMEONE
WHO YOU ARE
PHYSICALLY ATTRACTED TO
BECAUSE IT'S A BIG COMPONENT
OF BEING IN A RELATIONSHIP,
THAT SEXUAL ATTRACTION.
WHEN I ASKED HER TO HANG OUT,
I DON'T KNOW
IF I CALLED IT A DATE,
SO MAYBE SHE THINKS WE'RE JUST
GONNA HANG OUT AS FRIENDS.
OR MAYBE SHE IS INTO ME,
SO I'M NOT SURE.
SHE AGREED TO GO OUT WITH YOU
ON, LIKE, A DATE OR WHATEVER,
SO I THINK
SHE'S INTO YOU, TOO.
THAT IS A HOPEFUL PERSPECTIVE.
YOU DO YOU.
**
WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?
UH...
MOM, DAD, THERE'S SOMETHING
BIG AT THE DOOR!
Greg: OH! DO YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT IS?
-AH!
-OH, IT'S A BICYCLE.
-BETTER GET IT OUT OF THE WAY.
Jeanette: BE CAREFUL!
Greg: WE ORDERED
A STATIONARY BIKE,
A RECUMBENT BIKE.
-I KNEW YOU WERE GONNA DO THAT.
I KNEW YOU WERE GONNA SAY
"RECUMBENT BIKE."
WAIT, SO WHO'S IT FOR?
ALL OF US OR...
I HAVE A GYM MEMBERSHIP.
HE HAS A GYM MEMBERSHIP.
YOU DON'T, SO WE'RE GONNA
BRING THE GYM TO YOU.
OH! YOU GUYS KNOW I LOVE
RIDING THE BIKE.
WITH THE STATIONARY BIKE
IN OUR HOUSE,
JAZZ HAS ABSOLUTELY NO EXCUSE
NOT TO EXERCISE.
SHE SHOULD BE DOWN THERE
EVERY DAY, DOING HER THING.
SO I CAN JUST
WATCH TV AND BIKE?
-AND DO HOMEWORK AND BIKE.
-YES.
IS IT HOMEWORK IF YOU GO
TO VIRTUAL SCHOOL?
HAVE YOU GUYS EVEN THOUGHT
ABOUT THAT YET?
**
WE THINK THAT VIRTUAL SCHOOL
IS A GOOD OPTION FOR YOU.
BUT WE HAVE
A COUPLE OF THINGS...
-YOU SAID "BUT."
-NO.
WELL, YOU HAVE A TENDENCY
TO HIBERNATE UP IN YOUR ROOM
AND CLOSE THE DOOR.
YEAH, BUT NOW I'LL JUST BE
DOING SCHOOLWORK
WHILE DOING THAT
AT THE SAME TIME.
NOT QUITE THAT EASY.
HERE'S THE BOTTOM LINE.
I'M SAD THAT
YOU'RE LEAVING SCHOOL,
BUT I WANNA MAKE YOU HAPPY.
YOU WERE MISERABLE AT SCHOOL.
BUT I ALSO HAVE TO BE
A GOOD PARENT.
I KNOW.
HONESTLY, THIS IS
A VERY TOUGH DECISION FOR US.
AS PARENTS,
JEANETTE AND I FEEL LIKE
IT'S OUR PARENTAL OBLIGATION
TO DO RIGHT BY OUR KIDS,
AND SOMETIMES THAT MEANS
NOT GIVING YOUR KID THEIR WAY.
SOMETIMES IT MEANS
LISTENING TO YOUR KID,
AND WE'VE MADE WHAT WE THINK OF
AS A BIG CONCESSION.
BUT AT THE SAME TIME,
IN ORDER FOR IT TO BE GREAT,
SHE NEEDS TO BE ABLE
TO CONCEDE CERTAIN THINGS.
WE JUST WANT TO MAKE SURE
YOU UNDERSTAND
THAT YOU GOTTA DO STUFF
AROUND THE HOUSE.
OF COURSE.
YOU KNOW, IT'S NOT
A FREE-FOR-ALL.
YOU GOTTA DO CHORES.
YOU NEED TO BE AS HEALTHY
AS YOU COULD BE.
OF COURSE.
IT'LL BE BALANCED.
SOME STRUCTURE,
SOME FREEDOM.
OKAY.
HAVING MY PARENTS' PERMISSION
TO GO TO VIRTUAL SCHOOL
IS A HUGE RELIEF.
THANK YOU, GUYS,
JUST FOR LETTING ME DO
VIRTUAL SCHOOL, THOUGH.
AND YOU GUYS REALLY ARE
THE BEST PARENTS EVER.
Jazz: THIS IS SOMETHING THAT
I'VE WANTED FOR A LONG TIME,
AND NOW IT'S FINALLY HAPPENING,
AND I FEEL LIKE IT'LL ALLEVIATE
A LOT OF MY STRESS
AND ALLOW ME
TO COMPLETE MY SCHOOLING
AND CONTINUE TO PURSUE
DIFFERENT TYPES OF ADVOCACY
WITHOUT THAT ADDED PRESSURE.
I GOT A CHORE FOR YOU.
YOU MIND?
-PUT YOUR BIKE TOGETHER.
OHH.
DUNCAN, WILL YOU HELP ME?
**
-THANK YOU.
-Man: WELCOME.
Jazz: I DEFINITELY THINK
VICTORIA IS PRETTY,
AND I HOPE SHE THINKS
THE SAME WAY ABOUT ME.
BUT, LIKE, I HAVE TO LOSE
30 POUNDS FOR THE SURGERY.
SO WHAT'S THE SURGERY FOR?
UM...
THE GENDER CONFIRMATION
SURGERY.
**
Jazz: HEY, GIRLY!
HEY! HOW ARE YOU?
I'M OKAY, A LITTLE NERVOUS.
Jazz: I'M FEELING
BOTH EXCITED AND ANXIOUS
TO PERFORM THIS SONG.
IT'S IMPORTANT, AND IT'S GONNA
HELP PEOPLE OUT THERE.
LET'S GET READY.
-START WARMING UP!
BUT IT'S SOMETHING NEW
AND DIFFERENT FOR ME,
SO I HAVE THAT ANXIETY.
**
-HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY.
-HEY.
Greg: YOU KNOW,
IT'S INTERESTING.
AS A PARENT, I THINK ANY TIME
YOU WATCH YOUR KID DO ANYTHING,
THERE'S A CERTAIN SENSE
OF ANXIOUSNESS.
**
I'VE GOT A VERY DEAR FRIEND
WHO STARTED WRITING THIS SONG
THAT I THOUGHT
WAS ABSOLUTELY PERFECT
FOR WHAT THE "BE YOU" CAMPAIGN
IS ALL ABOUT.
GIVE IT UP FOR JAZZ JENNINGS.
JAZZ, IF YOU DON'T MIND,
I'D LOVE FOR YOU TO SHARE
HOW THE INSPIRATION
FOR US DOING THIS CAME ABOUT.
WELL, AS SOME OF YOU MAY KNOW,
I AM TRANSGENDER,
WHICH MEANS I WAS BORN INTO
THE WRONG BODY.
AND I FELT UNCOMFORTABLE
WITH MYSELF
AND I ALWAYS KNEW I WAS
DIFFERENT.
AND I JUST WANTED TO BE A GIRL
AND LIVE MY LIFE AUTHENTICALLY
AND BE MYSELF.
AND SO MANY TIMES IN SCHOOL,
YOU KNOW, WE'RE TOLD THAT
WE HAVE TO FOLLOW THE NORMS.
WE HAVE TO JUST DO WHAT EVERYONE
ELSE DOES, BUT I DISAGREE.
I THINK YOU COULD JUST
ALWAYS LOVE WHO YOU ARE,
AND THAT'S WHAT
THIS SONG EMBODIES.
-IT'S ABOUT BEING YOU.
-WE HOPE YOU ENJOY IT.
OH, YEAH!
* WE LIVE IN A WORLD
WITH SO MUCH CHOICE *
* WE LIVE IN A WORLD WITH
SO MUCH VOICE *
* WHY IS IT THAT ENDLESSLY *
* NONE OF US CAN BE
WHO WE WANT TO BE? *
Both:
* BE YOU *
* BE FREE *
* BE EXACTLY WHO YOU WANT
TO BE *
* BE YOU *
* BE FREE *
* AND I'M ALL RIGHT
WITH BEING ME *
* YEAH, YEAH *
Greg: JAZZ SOUNDS GREAT.
JAZZ NEVER CEASES TO
AMAZE US AND SURPRISE US.
SHE HAS SO MANY TALENTS.
Jeanette: JUST LOOKING AT JAZZ
THROUGH DIFFERENT EYES LIKE,
"WOW, SHE'S A SINGER!
LIKE, SHE IS
AN EXCELLENT SINGER."
* STAND UP STRONG
AND LOVE WHO YOU ARE *
* AND THROW THAT LOVE
TO THE NEAREST STAR *
JAZZ IS COOL.
THE CREATIVITY CAME
FROM WHO SHE WAS.
-Jacky: WHO SHE IS.
FROM THE TIME THAT JAZZ EVOLVED
PUBLICLY, THIS HAS BEEN IT,
AND THIS IS JUST ANOTHER GREAT
STEPPING-STONE ALONG THE WAY.
Both: * BE YOU *
* BE FREE *
* BE EXACTLY WHO YOU WANT
TO BE *
* YEAH, YEAH *
* I LOVE BEING ME *
**
Jazz: FINISHING THE SONG
MEANT A LOT TO ME
BECAUSE I WAS ABLE TO SPREAD
A POSITIVE MESSAGE
TO THESE KIDS ABOUT BEING
WHO YOU ARE,
AND WE ALL DO NEED
TO FIND ACCEPTANCE.
THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL.
IT JUST FELT VERY POWERFUL
AND MEANINGFUL,
AND IT'S DEFINITELY
GONNA BE SOMETHING
THAT I'LL ALWAYS REMEMBER.
-Jack: NO, I AM AMAZED.
I DON'T KNOW HOW
YOU MEASURE THAT.
HOW DID MOZART?
WHAT DID HE COME FROM?
**
Greg:
WHAT'S GOING ON TODAY?
JAZZ IS GOING ON A DATE
WITH VICTORIA.
SHE'S GOING ON A DATE?
DO YOU KNOW WHERE THEY'RE GOING?
MM-HMM. NOPE. I DON'T KNOW IF
JAZZ KNOWS WHERE THEY'RE GOING.
HAS JAZZ
EVEN TALKED ABOUT IT,
OR HAS SHE JUST TOLD YOU
THAT THEY'RE GOING ON A DATE?
NO, SHE HASN'T TALKED MUCH
ABOUT IT AT ALL.
THIS IS HER FIRST DATE
WITH A GIRL, THOUGH.
SHE SEEMS TO REALLY LIKE HER.
IT'D BE NICE IF THIS, LIKE,
LED TO SOMETHING.
SHE'S NEVER
HAD A RELATIONSHIP.
SHE DOESN'T GO PAST, LIKE,
THE FIRST DATE.
YEAH, BUT DON'T OVERDO IT.
I MEAN, LET HER
JUST LIVE HER LIFE.
LET HER GO HANG OUT,
HAVE SOME FUN.
-I DON'T SAY ANYTHING TO HER.
-DON'T PUT ANY PRESSURE ON HER.
-I'M NOT.
-DON'T OVERANALYZE IT. DON'T --
I AM NOT.
I'M SAYING THIS TO YOU.
Jeanette: I KNOW THAT JAZZ
HAS ALWAYS WANTED TO KNOW
WHAT IT'S LIKE TO BE
IN LOVE.
AND SHE REALLY HASN'T HAD MUCH
LUCK IN THE LOVE DEPARTMENT,
SO IT WOULD BE NICE IF THEY HAVE
A LITTLE ROMANCE GOING ON.
Jazz: I GOT IT.
-SHE GOT IT.
-OH, SHE SEEMS ANXIOUS.
-HI!
-HEY.
I'M FEELING EXCITED
BUT ALSO A LITTLE BIT NERVOUS
BECAUSE THIS IS MY FIRST
ONE-ON-ONE DATE
THAT I'VE EVER BEEN ON
WITH A GIRL,
AND IT FEELS DIFFERENT
BECAUSE I DEFINITELY
LIKE VICTORIA.
-MM-HMM.
YOU GOING THROUGH THE PROCESS
OF APPLYING TO SCHOOL AND...
FORTUNATELY, YES.
WHAT ARE YOU THINKING
ABOUT STUDYING?
-PREMED.
-Jazz: TRAUMA SURGEON.
-YES, TRAUMA SURGEON.
-Jeanette: OH, MY GOODNESS.
-ME, I'M DRIVING. YES.
Jeanette: MY FIRST IMPRESSION
OF VICTORIA WAS REALLY GOOD.
SHE FELT VERY COMFORTABLE
SPEAKING TO GREG AND I,
WHICH IS NICE.
SHE WASN'T NERVOUS
OR JITTERY LIKE,
"OH, I'M MEETING THE PARENTS."
Greg: VICTORIA SEEMS LIKE
A VERY SWEET GIRL,
AND JUST WATCHING JAZZ
WITH HER,
I SEE THAT THERE'S THE MAKINGS
OF A GOOD FRIENDSHIP OR MORE.
I DON'T KNOW.
WHERE ARE YOU GUYS OFF TO TODAY?
WE'RE GOING BOATING.
-THAT'S NEWS TO ME.
-I DIDN'T KNOW BOATING.
-Jeanette: OH, YOU'RE SO LUCKY.
Jeanette: I THINK IT'S
PRETTY COOL THAT VICTORIA
IS TAKING JAZZ OUT ON
A BOAT RIDE.
IT COULD BE VERY ROMANTIC,
LIKE A GONDOLA IN VENICE.
Jazz: I'M NOT THAT SURPRISED
THAT VICTORIA DRIVES A JEEP
BECAUSE I FEEL LIKE IT FITS
HER PERSONALITY.
IT'S KIND OF LIKE THAT COOL,
ROUGH, EDGY...
I DON'T -- I DON'T KNOW.
NOW I'M GIVING
PERSONALITY TRAITS TO A CAR.
WAIT, SO DO PEOPLE CALL YOU
TORI, OR DO THEY CALL YOU...
PEOPLE CALL ME VIC.
IS IT VIK WITH A "K" OR...
-NOPE, JUST VIC, JUST VIC.
-JUST VIC, LIKE, OKAY.
I REALLY WANT TO FOCUS
ON CONVERSATION
AND BEING PRESENT
IN THE MOMENT,
BUT THIS JEEP IS REALLY,
REALLY LOUD.
THIS CAR IS SO FRICKING LOUD!
-I KNOW. I'M SORRY.
-IT'S OKAY.
LIKE, I DON'T USUALLY, LIKE,
HAVE CONVERSATIONS IN MY CAR
BECAUSE IT'S LIKE, I DON'T
WANT TO BREAK YOUR EAR.
-YEAH.
YEAH.
**
Jazz:
IT'S A LITTLE BIT AWKWARD.
I KEEP ON TELLING MYSELF THAT
EVERYTHING'S GONNA BE OKAY,
WE'RE GONNA HAVE A GOOD TIME.
BUT THIS DATE IS OFF
TO A BUMPY START.
**
HONESTLY, JAZZ IS
A LITTLE BIT HARD TO READ.
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR COLLEGE,
FOR YOUR SENIOR YEAR?
I'M READY TO GO TO COLLEGE.
I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT I WANT
TO BE WHEN I GROW UP,
WHAT I'M GOING TO STUDY.
LIKE, SHE CAN BE
SUPER SARCASTIC
BUT ALSO, LIKE, MEAN IT
AT THE SAME TIME,
SO I'M NOT REALLY SURE.
I FEEL LIKE I'M JUST GONNA DO
VOLUNTEER WORK FOREVER.
BUT HOW ARE YOU GOING
TO GET MONEY?
I'M GOING TO MARRY
SOMEONE RICH, YAY!
OKAY, GOOD PLAN, GOOD PLAN.
-YES, GOOD PLAN.
-YES.
SO I THINK SHE'S HAVING FUN
WITH ME, BUT ALSO, LIKE,
I COULD BE SO WRONG.
-WE'RE HERE. YAY.
-YEP.
-YAY, NICE.
I'M HAPPY THAT WE'RE GOING ON
A BOAT RIDE FOR THIS DATE
BECAUSE THAT WILL GIVE US
THE OPPORTUNITY
TO TALK TO ONE ANOTHER
AND REALLY FOCUS ON CONVERSATION
AND BEING PRESENT
IN THE MOMENT.
-THANK YOU.
-Man: WELCOME.
Jazz: I DEFINITELY THINK
VICTORIA IS PRETTY,
AND I AM ATTRACTED TO HER,
AND I HOPE SHE THINKS
THE SAME WAY ABOUT ME.
OH! COMFY.
-HERE WE GO, YAY!
-YAY!
**
THIS IS SO CUTE.
IT'S SO RELAXING.
YEAH, IT IS.
YOUR PARENTS ARE SO NICE.
THEY'RE REALLY CHILL,
AND YOUR MOM'S ADORABLE.
I KNOW.
MY DAD'S NOT ADORABLE?
HE'S, LIKE, HE LOOKS SERIOUS.
LIKE, HE LOOKS LIKE HE'S, LIKE,
A NO-B.S. TYPE OF GUY.
YEAH, HE CAN BE SOMETIMES.
THIS IS SO NICE.
IMAGINE LIVING HERE.
IF YOU GO FURTHER OUT,
THERE'S, LIKE, THE REALLY,
REALLY EXPENSIVE, LIKE, BIG
MANSIONS, LIKE, ON THE WATER.
-YEAH.
-OH, LOOK.
Jazz: I'M SO RELIEVED
BECAUSE NOW I FEEL LIKE
VICTORIA AND I ARE
FINALLY CLICKING,
AND, YOU KNOW, THE CONVERSATION
IS GOING VERY SMOOTHLY.
WE'RE JUST BEING OURSELVES,
BEING NATURAL AND AUTHENTIC,
AND THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT
I WAS HOPING FOR.
MY DREAM HOUSE IS, LIKE,
FANTASY COTTAGE
IN A MYSTICAL WOODS
NEAR THE OCEAN.
NO
OKAY, THAT'S JUST ME.
MINE IS, LIKE, APARTMENT
WITH CONCRETE FLOORS.
LIKE, REALLY INDUSTRIAL.
I DON'T PLAN ON HAVING,
LIKE, KIDS EVER, SO, LIKE,
I'M GOOD WITH
A STUDIO APARTMENT.
YOU NEVER WANT KIDS?
LIKE, I DON'T KNOW.
LIKE, I JUST DON'T
SEE MYSELF WITH CHILDREN.
MAYBE THAT WILL CHANGE
IN THE FUTURE.
YOU NEVER KNOW.
I JUST FEEL LIKE I HAVE
A LOT OF LOVE TO GIVE,
AND I WANT TO GIVE THAT
TO KIDS, SO...
THAT'S SWEET.
Jazz: AS VICTORIA AND I
CONTINUE TO TALK,
WE FIND OUT THAT WE'RE OPPOSITES
IN A LOT OF WAYS,
AND I'M COMPLETELY FINE
WITH THAT.
AND WHILE WE HAVE DIFFERENT
INTERESTS IN CERTAIN REGARDS,
I THINK THAT'S OKAY
BECAUSE OPPOSITES ATTRACT.
I BROUGHT SOME BABY CARROTS
AND SOME RANCH,
SO I'M GONNA GET THOSE OUT.
I SHOULDN'T BE EATING RANCH
'CAUSE, LIKE...
-'CAUSE RANCH IS UNHEALTHY.
AND I'M SUPPOSED TO BE
LOSING WEIGHT, BUT...
WHY?
UM...
I -- WELL, LIKE, I HAVE TO LOSE
30 POUNDS FOR THE SURGERY,
AND IT'S, LIKE,
REALLY STRESSFUL.
THAT'S A LOT.
-30, YEAH.
SO WHAT'S THE SURGERY FOR?
UM...
IT'S, LIKE, THE GENDER
CONFIRMATION SURGERY.
IT'S CALLED DIFFERENT NAMES,
BUT BASICALLY
IT'S WHEN THEY INVERT
MY GENITALS
INTO A VAGINA
AND WHATEVER, ALL THAT.
Jazz: I'M REALLY OPEN
WITH ALL PEOPLE.
HOWEVER, I FEEL LIKE
IT'S IMPORTANT
THAT I'M ESPECIALLY OPEN
WITH VICTORIA
JUST BECAUSE I'M TRANSGENDER,
AND WE COULD POTENTIALLY
PURSUE A RELATIONSHIP.
HAVE YOU EVER DATED
SOMEONE WHO'S TRANSGENDER?
NO, BUT I HAVE, LIKE...
-YEAH, I HAVE FRIENDS.
IS THAT WEIRD FOR YOU,
THE IDEA OF DATING A TRANSPERSON
OR BEING PANSEXUAL, LIKE,
IT DOESN'T MATTER?
BEING PANSEXUAL, LIKE,
LITERALLY NOTHING MATTERS.
OKAY, GOOD.
THE FACT THAT JAZZ
IS TRANSGENDER
DOES NOT FAZE ME AT ALL
IN THE SLIGHTEST.
THERE'S NO WAY OR FORM
THAT IT COULD EVER FAZE ME.
I THINK THAT'S HONESTLY
JUST, LIKE,
ANOTHER CHARACTERISTIC OF HER
JUST LIKE HOW SHE HAS SIBLINGS.
IT'S JUST ANOTHER FACT.
DO YOU MOSTLY DATE,
LIKE, GUYS OR GIRLS?
I MOSTLY DATE GIRLS.
LIKE, I'LL GO ON DATES
WITH GUYS, BUT, LIKE...
YOU'RE MORE ATTRACTED TO GIRLS,
YOU'RE SAYING?
I'M, LIKE, MORE MENTALLY
ATTRACTED TO GIRLS,
-SO THAT'S...
-OH, MY GOD.
THAT'S WHAT I SAY, TOO.
I'M LIKE, "I'M PHYSICALLY
ATTRACTED TO GUYS
"PROBABLY A LITTLE BIT MORE,
BUT I'M MORE EMOTIONALLY
ATTRACTED TO GIRLS."
OH, NO, I'M DEFINITELY MORE
PHYSICALLY ATTRACTED TO GIRLS,
MENTALLY AND PHYSICALLY.
**
Jazz: I JUST --
I LIKE BEING AROUND HER.
I REALLY FEEL LIKE THAT
MUTUAL ATTRACTION IS PRESENT.
Victoria: I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO
HANGING OUT WITH JAZZ AGAIN.
MAYBE THERE'S A PARTY COMING UP
THAT WE COULD GO TO...
PERHAPS.
Jazz: THIS DATE
HONESTLY WENT BETTER
THAN ANYTHING THAT
I COULD'VE HOPED FOR.
I THINK WE BOTH
TOOK GREAT SELFIES.
Jazz: WE DIDN'T KISS OR ANYTHING
AND WE HAVEN'T OPENLY DISCUSSED,
LIKE, OUR FEELINGS
FOR EACH OTHER OR WHATEVER.
HOWEVER, I REALLY LIKE HER.
-I HAD A REALLY GOOD TIME.
-THAT'S GOOD. I'M GLAD.
IT'D BE BAD IF YOU DIDN'T.
WELL, I DIDN'T REALLY HAVE
THAT GOOD OF A TIME.
Jazz: I REALLY HAVE HOPE FOR
THIS RELATIONSHIP.
YAY.
NO, FOR REAL, I DID HAVE
A GOOD TIME, THOUGH.
GOOD. I'M GLAD.
NEXT TIME ON THE SEASON FINALE
OF "I AM JAZZ"...
HAVE YOU GIVEN ANY THOUGHT ABOUT
WHAT YOU WANT FOR YOUR BIRTHDAY?
DO YOU THINK I COULD
GET A TATTOO?
LET'S GIVE HER
THE GREEN LIGHT, PLEASE.
NO, LET'S NOT GIVE
THE GREEN LIGHT.
Jayleen:
JAZZ USUALLY DOESN'T CELEBRATE
HER BIRTHDAY DOING MUCH,
SO I DO NOT THINK
JAZZ HAS ANY IDEA
WHAT'S ABOUT TO HAPPEN TODAY.
OH, MY GOD.
Jazz: SINCE THE LAST TIME
I SPOKE TO DR. BOWERS,
I'VE BEEN IN THIS CONSTANT
YO-YO BATTLE
OF LOSING WEIGHT
AND GAINING WEIGHT.
IF YOU'RE RUNNING AT
A HIGHER B.M.I. THAN WE WANT,
IT'S GONNA BE PROBLEM.
I CANNOT DO SURGERY
IF YOU ARE NOT PERFECT.
I'VE BEEN THINKING ABOUT
THIS WEDDING VOW THING.
Greg: I REALLY WANT TO
SURPRISE JEANETTE
FOR OUR 24th ANNIVERSARY.
RIGHT NOW, SHE THINKS
WE'RE GOING TO CLUB MED
TO CELEBRATE MY BIRTHDAY,
BUT REALLY WE'RE RENEWING
MOM'S VOWS.
-NO!
-YES!